Question1 문장읽기

The King Community Center is recruiting volunteers.

If you are looking for a way to get more involved in the community, now is your chance.

This year volunteers will be asked to tutor students, assist the elderly, and help organize social events and special projects.

Visit our office today to fill out a volunteer form.

Question3 사진묘사

I think this picture was taken on the road and on the left side of...on the street,

On the left side of the picture, two women with blonde hair is looking at a laptop computer screen while sitting on a table.

On the right side of the picture, a man wearing a black suit is entering a way and in the middle of the picture,

I can see potted plants.

Question4 사진묘사

답변 A : I think this picture was taken outdoors and on the right side of the picture, a woman wearing a..."

a black (?) a blue shirt is.. looking at a laptop computer and maybe uh talk, saying about something.

And in the middle of the picture,

a...nother woman is writing something on a note.

답변 B: I think this picture was taken on the campus. In the middle of the picture, a woman wearing a dark brown jacket is writing something. Next to her, another woman is explaining something. On the left side, a man is looking at a laptop screen. It seems like they are having a meeting.

Question5 

Q. When was the last time you cooked, and qhat did you make?

답변 A: the last time I cooked was yesterday and I made spagetti, because spagetti is my favorite food.

답변 B: The last time … last time I cooked was yesterday. and I made Kimchi stew.

Question6

Q. Do you plan to buy a new cooking tool in the near future? Why or Why not? 

A: I plan to buy a new cooking tool in the near future, uh, Because, uh, it is too outdated, so I think it’s good to have new cooking tools. 

B: I don’t plan to buy a new cooking tool in the near future. It’s because I have enough cooking tools in my kitchen.  

Question7

Q. Do you think reading a cookbook is a good way to learn how to cook? Why or Why not? 

답변A. Uh, I don't think reading a cookbook is the good way to learn how to cook because this day, we can see many cooking videos such li, such as.. YouTube and.. Another, uh, video platforms. So, I usually use um.. I usually see the cooking video from YouTuber.

답변B. I don't think reading a cookbook is a good way to learn how to cook. It's because... I hate reading long.. instructions on how to cook. Um... instead of, uh reading, I like watching a cooking video on YouTube these days. It is uh, easy to understand them.

Q8. Where will the conference be held, and how much is the participation fee? A. Uh, this conference will be held at Hilltop Convention Center and the participation, participation fee is 50 dollars.

B. The conference will be held at Hilltop Convention Center, and it is 50 dollars. 

Q9. What should I do about lunch? Do I need to prepare my own meal? 

A. Oh, actually lunch will be pro, provided by Green Trail cafe. So, you don't need uh bring your own lunch. So, keep in mind that please.

B. Fortunately, lunch is provided by Green Trail Cafe. So, you don't need to bring your own lunch.

Q10. I am very interested in hiking equipment. Could you provide more detailed information about the session related to equipment?

A. At wor, at, at 1 PM, there is the Choosing the Best Equipment session uh by Sophia Lee, and at 3 PM, Adam Johnson will give a speech on uh, will give a speech on the using equipment for safe hiking. So, there are two sessions.

B. There are two scheduled sessions. First, Sophia Lee will give a conference on choosing the best equipment from 1 to 2 PM. Second, another conference on using equipment for safe hiking will be conducted by uh, Ethan Johnson from 3 to 5 PM.

Q11. If you receive a gift that you don't really want to keep, do you think it's okay to give it to someone else? Why or why not? Give reasons or examples to support your opinion.

A. Uh yes, I, I, I think it's okay to give it to someone else. Uh.. most of all, after I receive the gift, it's mine, so I can give, I can give it to.. give uh pres, give it to someone else. Um.. and also if, if I give it to someone else, it will make a more happier uh situation. From my experience, um actually, uh, when I was high school student, I received Nintendo game Switch, Nintendo Switch, but uh actually I already have it. So, I give it to my brother and he w, was really uh want…

B. I think it's okay to give it to someone else. Most of all, uh, receivers can have free to process the gifter, gift. Um.. in the case of my sister, she uh, bought a gift for me. So, I received the gift. However, I um, was not satisfied with the gift. So, I uh.. handled the gift, uh, I uh sent the gift to my friend. However, uh she said that's okay.